How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
R/ with diff i can see the differences between the two file's code and it's possible that that difference
is  the error in my file.  For exemple if on the first code the app was good and then on the new version
i have a bugg looking the difference between the first and the latest version can show me where the 
problem is.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
R/ Because may be at some point i want to come back to an old version of my file (for exemple a webpage) so if i have
it's history i just go there and check how was the code so i just copy it, i don't need to do all again.
Anothe usefull application of the history is that it can allow me to see who makes changes of the versions so if i 
need information i can adress directly this person

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
R/
PROS:
* I can choose a logical moment to save my file
*As i did the commits in moments i wanted and with a commentthen is easier for me to understand the history of my file
CONS:
*it takes time from me to make the commit
*I can forget to commit and then lose the history of changes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
R/because they are used for differents types of files> Git is more for programming, so often the files will be related,
for exemple the web page html, css and js files; in the other hand Google Docs for exemple is more used for files that
are not too much related between them

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
R/ when i'm inside the directory of commits. for exemple Asteroids in our course, i type git log and i can see the
history of my file; then if i'n interested in knowing what changed between tho versions of that history i use the
command git diff id1 id 2  (first i type the older version id qnd then the recent one)

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
it makes me more confident because i know that i can try to make changes and if something goes wrong i can go back to
a previous version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
R/ i'd like to do a small project,like a web page and see how can i use git on it, to have the history of the file
and to access easily to previous versions and make changes, etc...